Add some filter options for SLA HTML Page (#152)
megaease/easeprobe: README.md

  The EaseProbe would listen on the `0.0.0.0:8181` port by default. And you can access the Live SLA report by the following URL:

  - HTML: `http://localhost:8181/`
  - JSON: `http://localhost:8181/api/v1/sla`

> For the HTML report, you can use the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the HTML report, you can use the following URL query options:
```

>   - `refresh=30s`: refresh the report every `refresh` seconds.
>   - `status=up`: only shows the probers which status is `up`. the value can be `up` or `down`.
>   - `gt=50`: only shows the probers the SLA is greater than `50%`.
>   - `lt=90`: only shows the probers the SLA is less than `90%`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `refresh`: report refresh rate (ex. `?refresh=30s` refreshes the page every 30 second)
  - `status`: only show the probers with specific status, accepted values `up` or `down` (ex. `?status=up` list only probers with status `up`).
  - `gt`: only shows the probers with SLA greater than given percentage (ex. `?gt=50` filter only hosts with SLA percentage greater than 50%)
  - `lt`: only shows the probers with SLA less than the given percentage (ex. `?lt=90` filter only hosts with SLA percentage less than 90%)
```
